We all lost something on our way here.
I didn't lose my wife.
I know exactly where she was.
She was in a different city
when it happened,
and she died because he didn't get her
to a goddamn plane.
[♪ pensive music playing]
[Kane Bradford]
I saw her that night.
I saw her.
[Cal Bradford]
Got the news of the world right here.
[Sinatra] [on recording]
Agent Pace, take them out.
[gunshot]
People need to know
that there are survivors,
-and I'm gonna tell them the truth.
-No, you're not.
[Xavier Collins]
First Cal, then Billy.
It was her.
[Robinson]
We take her down.
It's gonna be hard taking
anybody down without weapons.
-There are weapons.
-The sub-basement of the arena.
You just punch in a code.
It's the day of my inauguration.
And I know how to get 'em.
Go upstairs and get your brother,
pack a bag,
whatever you can fit into a backpack.
Hey, Carl, I need to call in that favor.
[♪ pensive music continues]
[school bell ringing]
My flight is still on time.
I need to finish packing.
[students chattering]
[sighs] Getting summoned
to the principal's office for a lecture
-is the last thing I needed right now.
-Yeah, I know.
She in trouble because of cake?
Yeah, a shitload of cake.
Hey, have you seen my blue jacket?
I need to pack it.
What?
Well, either you have
a problem with my jacket,
-or you have a problem with me.
-I didn't say anything.
My work takes me to Atlanta.
-It's everything I've worked for, babe--
-I know.
I know.
Hey, if POTUS doesn't keep you
late again tonight,
you could get home
in time to kiss me goodbye.
Metro's been dicey this week.
-Might even get a quickie.
-I'll be home by 5:00.
[door opens]
Mr. and Mrs. Collins.
Mr. Collins
and, uh, Dr. Rogers-Collins, actually.
Of course. Come in.
Each eighth-grader
was asked to explore an issue
that is negatively impacting
our world today.
Presley's project was entitled
"An Exhibition of Food Inequality."
-"Inequity."
-I'm sorry?
The title of her project was
"An Exhibition of Food Inequity,"
not "Inequality."
Inequities are the result
of unjust inequalities.
-They're not the same.
-Does the title matter?
The project was a bunch of BS.
-Excuse me?
-[Principal Dawes] Oh, boy.
Okay, uh, we got the title. We're good.
-Please continue.
-According to the teacher,
Presley assigned each student a country
or a class of society to represent.
She then passed out
one piece of cake to each student
to show ideal global food security.
Afterwards, she redistributed the cake
to illustrate the current state
of food inequity.
[Charlie's dad] Yeah, she made Charlie
a goddamn billionaire.
She took the cake away from everybody else
and shoved it all at him.
She had all children
representing poor countries
chanting at him to eat.
He ate so much cake--
Alright, okay, well,
he didn't have to eat it.
She was making a point.
It was a nutjob project, and you know it.
-My daughter is not a nutjob.
-Ter.
Five years from now, you ask those kids
whose project made an impact--
Mrs. Collins, that's not the point.
That's not the point?
-Presley will be issued a warning.
-Explore an issue,
-that was the point, right?
-[Xavier sighs deeply]
She explored the shit out of that issue.
You wanted her to make a point,
she made the point.
She made it so those kids
are gonna think twice
before they toss
half their macaroni in the trash.
-But you folks--
-Okay, Presley will be given
a stern warning, we understand. Thank you.
Charlie vomited in the garbage can.
The kid's humiliated,
he's refusing to come to school.
Hey, hey, here's a thought.
Put his ass in the car
and tell him he's going to school.
-Alright.
-Try that.
He's gonna talk to me
about who's a goddamn nutjob.
[sighs] It's good to see you, Cliff.
[Teri chuckling]
-You love me so much right now.
-Not even a little.
[Teri laughing]
The strings we pulled
to get her in this school,
we can't be pissing off
the other parents like that.
Oh, come on.
Those people call themselves parents?
That Charlie is like a proper bully.
Straight outta 1984.
He's old-school Cobra Kai.
[Xavier chuckles]
-The dirty duct tape incident?
-With the toilet water?
-Uh-huh.
-That was that Charlie?
-I thought it was Charlie G
-that was the bonehead.
-Yeah, no, it was him.
X, your daughter
didn't just do a hell of a project.
She pulled off the payback of the century.
[sighs] You didn't need to make a scene.
That's all I'm saying.
Well, sometimes making a scene
is the only thing you need to do.
Sweetheart, I love you.
You are the kindest, calmest,
most centered human being on the planet.
But one day, you are gonna hit your limit.
[knife blade scraping]
One day, some poor bastard
is gonna force you to make a scene.
[knife blade continues scraping]
And when that happens, tell you what...
I would not want to be the motherfucker
on the other side of it.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[knife blade continues scraping]
[♪ music fades out]
-[insects trilling]
-[clock ticking]
Answer me this.
How much cake did this kid
hold down before he yakked?
[chuckling] At one point,
Teri was looking like
she might take a swing at the dad.
It's probably good
she's getting out of town.
Atlanta again?
Yeah, she's making big leaps at her job.
She's, uh, she's amazing.
Well, I'll leave you to it, sir.
Hey, Collins, wait up.
-Yes, sir?
-[glass clinking]
Field trip. What do you say?
It's getting late.
You don't wanna finish up here?
-What's there to do?
-[paper stack thuds]
It's all unfixable.
I want you to walk me through
the Versailles protocol.
Where do they take me
if the shit hits the fan?
I mean, I know you don't know
any of the details
about what the actual shit might be
and when it could hit said fan.
But from a logistical standpoint,
how do they get me outta here?
-You know the protocol.
-I don't, actually.
Marsha, you wanna come in here?
Xavier's gonna take me on a little walk.
We can call it a night.
Sounds good, Mr. President.
Don't keep him up too late, Xavier,
it's a school night.
That's a promise.
[people chattering]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[wristband chimes]
[bollards whirring]
Why are there still words on my sky?
You said you were on it.
Turns out we can't take them down.
What do you mean you can't?
Whoever did this
locked us out of the system.
[♪ pensive music playing]
-[Mark] Carl Jenkins?
-Oh!
Yes.
Yes. And this is Lucy.
What the fuck.
How'd you get a dog down here?
It's why Xavier wants me to hide,
in case they go searching.
Where do I go?
All I know is he said to stay put.
Safest thing is to have you all here.
The kids are in the back room.
[James Collins]
What are you doing?
-[bag zipping]
-You're leaving?
Dad told us to stay here
until he came back for us.
I know what he said.
But, James, listen to me.
You know how you're always begging me
to let you do cool shit?
Well, I'm gonna need you
to do some cool shit for me.
♪♪
Thank you.
It's quite the scene out there. [chuckles]
Let's cut the bullshit.
Let's, yes, um...
Well, I'm glad that you called me in,
because whatever's going on out there,
we're gonna need some
carefully crafted messaging
to calm the collective anxiety
of all of the--
I'm sorry, I thought we just agreed
to cut the bullshit.
"Whatever's going on out there"?
Agent Collins is what's going on,
so no need for us
to act like we don't know what's what.
Xavier?
Wowza.
Screw a guy in the shower,
and he doesn't even tell you
when he's gonna topple
the city-wide status quo.
[exhales sharply] Men, am I right?
I... I picked you up
off the floor, Samantha.
You violated the privacy of my home?
Here's the thing.
You love this city. I love this city.
If we want to preserve it,
you need to go have a nice meal
with your man
and find out what he's up to.
He just checked in at the diner.
Strange out there, huh?
The last time you were in,
you barely touched your cheese fries.
You wanna try again?
I'm good with the steak, thanks.
[door bell jingling]
You know, I thought
I was gonna miss real meat more.
I actually don't mind
this plant-based stuff.
-Puts on a pretty convincing show.
-Xavier.
Plus, there's this thing...
it has been caught in my head, Doc.
It was this thing from before.
Before the world ended,
when we used to eat real meat.
I can't stop thinking about how they used
to catch the cows to butcher them.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
And back then, you wouldn't let
your mind go there, but now...
can't stop thinking about it.
[♪ dramatic music continues]
I can picture it,
what it must've looked like...
sounded like.
[keypad beeping]
How they corralled them,
and they shrank the space
smaller and smaller
until the animals broke.
They would line up single-file
and march down a chute to their death.
All that muscle, all that heft,
and they just surrendered.
And it makes you wonder
if that's what she did to us.
Led us down here, corralled us,
and sent us to slaughter.
Xavier, what's going on? What happened?
The president is dead.
Billy Pace is dead.
And now, here you are.
So, why don't you tell me what happened?
Why did she kill them?
Xavier, Samantha Redmond
is a lot of things.
-Mm-hmm.
-She's wildly imperfect.
But she's not a monster.
She's a mother, and she's trying
to protect the people in her charge.
Well, what did she think of the sky?
I did it for her.
-She's trying to take it down.
-Yeah, no shit.
[phone buzzing]
[utensils clattering]
What is it?
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[grunts]
-[wristband ripping]
-[electricity fizzles]
Tell your girl I'm comin' for her.
[door bell jingling]
[Xavier]
If Versailles protocol is launched,
this is the most direct route
to the West Wing PEOC.
You know, the first time
I saw that, I thought,
what the hell kinda gift is that
to the White House?
Two old women reading books.
Then you look a little closer...
and you realize
they're just passing time...
covered by mosquito nets.
Fooling themselves into thinking
there's anything they can do
to protect from the violence of nature.
-Good evening, sir.
-General.
Hey.
Well, you're in a hurry tonight.
You got someplace to be?
Thought you wanted the tour.
Southwest staircase
also has restricted access.
West Wing bunker's five flights down.
Okay.
-Hang on. Hang on.
-[scanner chirping]
A little stress reliever.
-[foot stomping]
-Yeah, I know.
John McClane
didn't believe it at first either.
Die Hard, you make little fists
with your toes, remember?
Never saw it.
You never seen Die Hard?
That's a bridge too far, Collins.
We're gonna have to remedy that.
-Yes, sir.
-Alright.
Where would we go next?
[indistinct chatter]
He said the message
in the sky was for you.
He said he was coming for you.
Who the hell talks like that?
Then he hacks off his band with a knife?
What the fuck is he doing?
I mean, besides dramatically eating.
He was waiting at that diner.
Waiting for me to send someone. Morton?
-Ma'am?
-Any information on his kids?
-Um...
-[keyboard clacking]
He must have removed their bands, too.
-Who else is offline?
-Band removal happens more than you think.
Any given moment,
there's usually a couple dozen or more.
Any of them known associates
of Xavier Collins?
Known associates...
A member of his team, Melvin Rainey.
And the special agent in charge
of the Secret Service detail,
Nicole Robinson.
You think they're helping him?
Before Robinson's wristband went offline,
she used it
to access the southeast sub-basement door.
The weapons.
Go keep an eye on my family. Now.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
♪♪
Shit. It's me.
Sorry.
It does feel good to have it back though.
The weight, that recoil,
brass flipping through the air.
-You need a moment?
-I'm good.
[Xavier]
Alright, who we got?
Well, Garcia was in from go.
Brooks.
Told them both to get together
a crew of folks they trust,
folks who know how to handle themselves.
They'll be here any minute.
-Should be enough manpower.
-Good.
[gun clicking]
What about Jane? She with us?
You see her yesterday?
She was practically catatonic over Pace.
I didn't even bother.
She's loyal. She'd be an asset.
Xavier, even on her best day,
she's barely a notch
above a fucking intern.
She's Holly Hobbie with a gun.
-How much time we got?
-It should be starting soon.
Why the fuck is he talking
like Santa Claus?
It's a Die Hard reference, ma'am.
[amplified ticking outside]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[ticking stops]
[Morton] We don't know
what the subsequent messages are,
or when they might appear.
What we do know,
is the sky seems to be cycling
through some kind of locked program.
He's taunting you.
He's threatening to expose something.
What does he have on you?
I want it fixed.
I want it off the sky now,
whatever it takes.
Ma'am, we don't have a clear path
to overriding this program.
The only other option is a hard reboot.
We shut down the sky and turn it back on.
[sighs] How long?
Beverly?
We don't know.
It's never been done before.
Absolutely not.
Sam, a shutdown would be like
reliving everything all over again.
The sheltering protocols,
the illusion of world being broken.
The sky would go out.
People would remember
they are living in a cave.
-They know they're living in a cave.
-Okay, okay, listen, ha--
have you ever been on a ride
at Disneyland when it breaks down?
They turn on the lights, and then
it is never the same for you again.
Samantha, look at me. Look at me.
Find Xavier.
You can work this out.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[technicians chattering]
Reboot isn't an option.
Find another way to disable the program.
Yes, ma'am.
I want all authorities alerted.
Be on the lookout for Collins.
Arrest him on sight.
Copy that.
[sirens chirping]
[text chimes]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[phone chimes]
-It was nice to lose the bracelet.
-Appreciate you, Garcia.
All of you. Hey, man.
Pace was an asshole,
but he didn't off himself.
So, think you can handle this thing?
[gun clicking]
Five years in the SEALs
before I got fat, baby.
[Rainey chuckles]
-They got a BOLO out on you.
-[Xavier] Good.
It means she's taking the bait.
Weapons stay outta sight
as much as possible.
We're not trying to panic the people.
-Last resort only.
-[Rainey] Hey, look, I am all in.
But how the fuck are we gonna
pull this off without firing?
Just a little bit of magic, Rainey.
[Trent] I appreciate you
taking advantage of this place.
Most people never set foot in here.
Yeah, well, I just, uh,
I just like the music.
Well, if you're, uh, interested,
you should really check out
our exhibit on the bunker design.
You know what, I'm gonna--
I'm gonna turn on the lights...
[voice fading out]
[♪ "Knockin' on Heaven's Door"
plays on headphones]
Dude, I really don't care how this...
How can you just be sitting here?
Weird stuff is happening.
-And I need to tell you something.
-Okay.
Billy is dead, and...
I don't know what my dad is doing,
but I think it might be because of this.
Where did you find that?
[sighs] Sometimes I went to your dad's
to play Wii with Billy,
because they'd turn the cameras off.
That's what I was doing,
I was going there that night.
I was heading inside,
and it was just laying there.
[tablet chimes]
I shouldn't have taken it, but...
I thought maybe it could tell me
something about my mom,
about what happened in Atlanta.
Maybe if I knew what happened to her...
it won't feel so much like she died alone.
But it's protected.
I couldn't even get the stupid thing
to open to give me that much.
I can help.
They told you the president
died of natural causes.
I saw the body. I saw the blood.
President Bradford was murdered.
Many of you knew Agent Billy Pace...
and they told you he killed himself.
And that's a lie, too.
Samantha Redmond,
code name Sinatra, is behind this.
She's pulling the strings,
and the other billionaires
are marching in step.
But that ends now...
'cause we're taking control of the city.
And when we do, we will find justice...
for the president, for Billy,
and for every one of us
who went through hell to get here.
Because we didn't come this far
to be fed a bunch of lies.
We didn't come this far
to nod our heads and play along.
So, if you're with me,
we're gonna go out there
and we're gonna rip the fucking lies
right from underneath 'em.
-[agent] Let's go!
-We're gonna make a scene.
You know why?
Because sometimes making a scene
is the only thing you need to do.
All staff cleared for Versailles
have biometric access
to the West Wing bunker.
[elevator doors hissing]
Huh, nothing like being
hermetically sealed.
Hey, I say we lock the VP out as a joke.
You imagine the look on his face?
On the day, a special agent
in charge of evacuation
will escort our group to Marine One.
Now, the bunker was built
to withstand a direct nuclear hit.
It has a self-contained
food and air supply
that will support the entire
West Wing indefinitely.
-Interesting.
-But no one's gonna be camping out here.
The minute Versailles is called,
you record the speech,
we're escorted down,
wait for confirmation of the safest route
to Joint Base Andrews, then we're out.
So, go to finish,
the whole thing is what, 30, 40 minutes?
Ideally? Versailles, to bunker,
to South Lawn tunnel, to Marine One,
to Andrews, to Air Force One,
20 minutes tops, and then we're airborne.
And then we soar off to Xanadu.
[Xavier sighs]
What?
Sir, I'd like to know what's happening,
and I'd like to know when it's happening.
I know it's not my place to ask,
but I'm asking.
When does this mysterious shit
hit the fan,
and where exactly are we going?
I can't.
Collins...
I think it's time you put
your foot down with your wife.
Trips to Atlanta are not as risk-free
as they used to be.
My wife hasn't listened
to me for 20 years, sir.
I have no details.
It all sounds so far-fetched.
[Cal sighs]
Okay.
Well, then, if it comes to that...
I guess we'll just have to go
pick her up from there.
[♪ solemn music playing]
I'm gonna be the man in charge
when the world ends.
[gun clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
Feels good, doesn't it?
Stay vigilant, watch your squads,
get to your assigned posts.
Robinson and I are going
for the explosives.
You telling me we got RPGs
stashed somewhere around here?
Nope. Just a little bit of magic, Rainey.
-[Robinson chuckles]
-Let's move!
Alpha, on me!
-Move it!
-Alright, you heard him, let's move.
[indistinct shouting]
[Sinatra] What's written on the sky
is cycling through a locked program.
Reboot isn't an option.
The effects on the population
would be too costly.
Our techs are finding another way
to disable the program.
You keep saying "program."
The message is going to change again?
We don't know. It's possible.
The sky is the least of our problems.
Can we address the fact that some agent
breached the goddamn weapons cache?
-[billionaires clamoring]
-I'm sorry, what agent?
How does he know about the weapons?
[billionaire 1]
Samantha, what do you know about this?
[billionaire 2] We are sitting ducks here.
What does he want?
[clamoring continues]
[billionaire 3]
How many people does he have?
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[billionaire 4]
How are we containing this?
[clamoring continues]
[door closes]
[♪ music softens]
[breathing deeply]
[♪ dramatic music resumes]
[phone beeping]
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[voice echoing]
Provide stability.
We may all come from different worlds,
but we are all on the same team now.
[Xavier] You good?
[exhales sharply]
I haven't been back here
since the day we arrived.
I was so busy barking out orders,
I never even really...
[breathing heavily]
[inaudible]
That day... you know? I'm...
-I'm sorry.
-It's cool.
We're cool. Come on.
[grunts]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[wristband chimes]
[Jeremy Bradford]
Grandpa?
The words, they, uh...
[chuckles] They pour through.
If I had a cup, I could catch 'em.
Well, um, Grandpa, this is--
this is Presley.
Remember her?
You were right,
you-- you did see her here before,
but she wasn't doing anything bad.
Um, see, I'm-I'm trying to help her.
She's-- she's, um...
She's important to me.
Look, Grandpa...
we're trying to, um,
we're trying to get this open.
Can you help?
[Xavier] You get stationed on
Air Force One, you memorize all the stats.
Like that the underbelly of this thing
is filled with defensive measures,
including flares capable of misguiding
a targeted missile when deployed.
We don't have to blow shit up, Robinson.
We just need her to think we are.
-[grunting]
-[Garcia] [over comms] Garcia for Collins.
Go for Collins.
[Garcia]
Weapons secure.
How we doing on the magic?
We're about to bring it.
[Jeremy] Grandpa?
It's not that simple, Cal. Never was.
I've seen that before.
I saw it that night.
[♪ mysterious music playing]
I wanna help you, son.
-But...
-Okay, yeah.
Yeah.
[tablet beeping and chiming]
Thank you.
[♪ solemn music playing]
[footsteps]
[Gabriela Torabi]
You're doing the right thing.
[Sinatra exhales sharply]
Hadley has a biology test today.
She's really been studying for it.
We were up late prepping.
It's amazing how much time
we spend studying
just to forget everything when we grow up.
You're doing the right thing
waiting this out.
-[sighs]
-The police will find Xavier,
and then you can talk to him.
Find a resolution.
Do you really think that's possible?
What does he know?
What? Did you find something?
There's stuff about Atlanta on here.
Two thermonuclear weapons hit there.
And I found something else.
[Gabriela]
What are you afraid of him exposing?
Samantha.
What did you do?
♪ The way you wear your hat ♪
[♪ "They Can't Take That Away From Me"
by Frank Sinatra plays over loudspeakers]
♪ The way you sip your tea ♪
♪ The memory of all that ♪
♪ No, no, they can't
take that away from me ♪
♪ The way your smile just beams ♪
♪ The way you sing off-key ♪
[amplified timer ticking]
♪ The way you haunt my dreams ♪
♪ No, no, they can't
take that away from me ♪
Boss! Cleared a spot for you.
[crowd chattering]
♪ On that bumpy road to love ♪
The music is a part of the locked program.
We can't turn it off.
♪ You can't take that away from me ♪
♪ The way your smile just beams ♪
♪ The way you sing off-key ♪
♪ The way you haunt my dreams ♪
[crowd]
Ten, nine, eight,
seven, six, five,
four, three,
two, one.
[fireworks exploding]
-[people shouting]
-Get down, ma'am!
-[flares blasting]
-[people screaming]
[flares booming]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
-[echoing] Morton.
-[echoing] Samantha, wait.
[normal]
Shut it down. Shut it all down.
[booming continues]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
♪♪
[power surging]
-[panels banging]
-[people gasping]
[people shouting, gasping]
[♪ somber music playing]
[lights clicking]
[breathing heavily]
[alarm blaring]
[people clamoring]
Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker.
Listen, the bunker tour
was 11 out of 10, really.
You even walked me home. I'm blushing.
-[softly chuckles]
-[door closes]
But, I gotta tell you,
I really undersold Die Hard.
You gotta see it, man,
it's not all about feet.
Yes, sir.
-You off the clock?
-About to be, sir.
Metro's been dicey, want to get home
before Teri heads out.
She leaves tonight?
Yes, sir, I told you.
No, you told me she was leaving.
You didn't say she was leaving tonight.
Fuck the metro, I'm gonna get you a car.
I appreciate that, sir, thank you.
Alright, well, just do yourself a favor
and watch the movie, will ya?
You'll be all about Hans Gruber.
He's the bad guy,
but he's classy-smart like you.
You think he's doing one thing,
but really, he's just getting the FBI
to play right into his hand.
Yeah, can we get our boy Xavier
a car, STAT?
Thank you.
-[alarm blaring]
-[automated voice] Reboot initiated.
Commence shelter protocol.
Return to your homes...
Shelter protocol. Let's move, now.
Stay low. This way.
-[automated voice] Reboot initiated...
-[people clamoring]
-Mr. President, this way, sir!
-[indistinct shouting]
[yelps, thuds]
-[alarm continues]
-[automated announcement continues]
[grunting, fighting]
[automated voice] Commence
shelter protocol. Return to your homes.
[Malone]
Let's go. Get in.
-[clamoring continues]
-[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Malone]
Dr. Torabi, get in!
Get in!
-[alarm continues blaring]
-[clamoring continues]
[automated voice]
Commence shelter protocol.
Return to your homes.
[people shouting]
Just got word. Your husband
and daughter have landed, ma'am.
-[townsperson] What's happening? Please!
-Come on with this fucking...
What about us?!
[Sinatra sighs]
[townsperson]
We need to know!
[people shouting]
Don't look at me like that.
This was the only way to stop him.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[automated voice]
Return to your homes. Conserve oxygen.
Reboot initiated. Commence shelter...
Everybody, can I please
get your attention?
Whoever wrote that up there is right.
They are lying to us.
[tires screeching]
-[Sinatra sighs deeply]
-Where are they taking us?
Shelter protocol.
All senior officials and families
are taken to a secure location.
[♪ dramatic music continues]
[♪ music fades out]
-Everything on point?
-Sinatra's bringing up the rear.
-We hold until all the vehicles--
-Fuck.
Sinatra's taking off.
-Secure the rest inside.
-Wait...
[Xavier]
She's not getting away.
[Robinson]
Xavier, wait.
[Jeremy]
It's all made to make us feel safe.
We are not fucking safe.
They lied about what happened
to the four people they sent outside.
They lie about everything!
You think they'd tell the truth
about how my dad died?
-Jane? Oh, my gosh.
-Hey.
Billy. I...
I know.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Hands behind your heads,
up against the wall.
Nope, hands.
Open the door.
-[wristband chimes]
-Inside, both of you.
All I can think to do
is hide from all of this,
and eat a shitload of ice cream,
and just wish the world
would go back to the way it was.
-I know that sounds ridiculous.
-No.
I just really don't want
to be alone right now.
Would you come with me?
[Jeremy speaking faintly in background]
I got you.
Okay.
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[alarm continues blaring in distance]
[gate slams]
I couldn't let her be one of 'em.
Cattle down the chute.
-She and I have history.
-You tipped her off.
[Gabriela]
We built this place together.
This city has to hold.
Xavier.
-[panels banging, lights clicking]
-[Gabriela gasps]
-It's coming back on.
-[panels continues banging]
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[lights clicking]
[birds chirping]
Talk to her.
[♪ tense music playing]
If you're looking for my guards,
I sent them home.
I was about to walk into that safe house.
I would've been stuck in there
with Baines and that wife of his, oof.
And you would have what,
ransacked my office and my computers,
my underwear drawer looking
for proof of my sins?
You murdered the president.
You killed Billy.
I didn't murder the president.
I might have if he kept digging
where he was digging.
But I didn't.
Billy, though...
unfortunately, he left me no choice.
Turn around, put your hands on your head.
Hey!
You cleaned out the weapons,
but there was one bullet
-you didn't know about.
-Turn the fuck around!
If you think I'll stand down,
you're not seeing me.
I'm seeing you fine, Xavier.
I'm seeing a man who loves his family.
A man who loves his wife.
[Teri Rogers-Collins]
Appreciate that, thank you.
[luggage wheels clacking]
What's this? The president's carriage?
[♪ "Knocking on Heavens Door"
by RAIGN playing]
♪ Mama, take this badge from me ♪
Don't go.
I love you baby, but you're late.
See you in ten days.
♪ It's getting dark, too dark to see ♪
-♪ I feel I'm knocking ♪
-Eyes on me, Collins.
♪ On heaven's door ♪
Your wife is alive out there, Xavier.
And if you stop all this nonsense...
I can help you find her.
♪ Mama, put my guns in the ground ♪
♪ I can't shoot them anymore ♪
♪ That cold black cloud is coming around ♪
♪ And I ♪
♪ Feel I'm knocking on heaven's door ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knocking
on heaven's door ♪
♪ Feels like I'm ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knocking
on heaven's door ♪
♪ Feels like I'm ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knocking
on heaven's door ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knocking
on heaven's door ♪
♪ Feels like I'm ♪
♪ Knock, knock, knocking
on heaven's door ♪
♪♪